docs: update info about supported features + edge runtime (#245)
cloudflare/next-on-pages: docs/examples.md

<!-- TODO: improve the following -->

> ## Edge Runtime

Author: Originally wrote it here since this is where it was before. Then added it to the readme since it was touched on there. I guess I could put in the readme to refer to the examples for older versions of nextjs?

> ## Edge Runtime

Reviewer: sure sounds good to me 🙂

> To opt a route into the edge runtime in Next.js, it has to export a `runtime` variable.

Author: ```suggestion
To opt a route into the edge runtime in Next.js, it has to export a `runtime` [route segment config](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config#runtime) option.
```

module.exports = nextConfig;
```

</details>

### App Directory

> 

Author: Because it is no longer needed now that the app directory is stable. If someone wants to use an old beta version of the app directory, they would have to use the setting, but it wouldn't exactly be a wise choice to use an old beta version when there it has been changed to stable.

module.exports = nextConfig;
```

</details>

### App Directory

#### [Edge Route Handlers](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/router-handlers#edge-and-nodejs-runtimes)

```typescript
// ./app/api/hello/route.ts

import { cookies } from 'next/headers';

export const runtime = 'edge'; // 'nodejs' is the default

export async function GET(request: Request) {
	const cookieStore = cookies();
	const token = cookieStore.get('token');

	return new Response('Hello, Next.js!', {
		status: 200,
		headers: { 'Set-Cookie': `token=${token}` },
	});
}
```

#### [Server Side Rendering](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/static-and-dynamic-rendering#dynamic-rendering)

```typescript
// ./app/ssr/page.tsx

export const runtime = 'edge';

> export const dynamic = 'force-dynamic';

Author: ```suggestion
```

}
```

#### Server-side rendering (SSR) pages with [`getServerSideProps()`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/data-fetching/get-server-side-props)

```typescript
// ./pages/ssr.tsx

import styles from '../styles/Home.module.css';

> export const config = {

Author: the examples on the pages directory docs use the config version, so i left it as that to match with the nextjs docs
